Jejiya:::
1)Hard Worker
2)Proud
3)Lack of awareness
4)Result Oriented
5)Likes of genuinity,hard work

Jeji::
1)Tall,Strong(mental & physical)
2)Lots of rifts with Jejiya
3)Learned a lot from her 60 years of marriage life
4)She did her best in bringing up 5 children
5)Gave me a lemon juice during my last visit.That aint happend in last 24 years!!

Pedanana::
1)Looks Strong and Stubborn.Very soft and delicate inside.Like Coconut.
2)One of the best hard worker in my family.
3)Lots of patience
4)Let it go attitude in terms of money giving
5)Best farmer
6)Wont come up with a decision at a perfect time

Pedamma::
1)She dont know anything except cooking,washing,praying
2)Second person to come into my family after Jeji.
3)Frankness
4)

Daddy::
1)Favorite child of Jejiya!!
2)Genuine to the heart
3)Hard work at the max
4)Best person who can convince/control Jejiya
5)Outstanding memory power

Mummy::
1)Endurance at its best
2)Not a very broad mind
3)Discipline,Self respect,Agile 
4)Kids can be left at her without a doubt
5)

NLR Babai::
1)Favorite child of Jeji
2)Amazing Social skills
3)Wants to be perfect in every aspect
4)A handful skill at cooking
5)Neat,Clean,precise
6)Would like to discuss with his brothers before taking a decision
7)Suggestion seeking may delay decision making
8)Struggled a lot during early stages of his post marriage life

NLR Pinni::
1)Health is not at its best
2)Prays to god a lot
3)Always ready to goto a temple....distance doesnt matters
4)First god,next people
5)Easy to make her tense,worry,panic

Raja Babai::
1)Grew under the shadow of his elders
2)Saw a leader & great manager in him
3)Poor with control of temper
4)Second most feared person after my dad
5)First person to react to a situation

Satyavathi Pinni::
1)Able worker,handler of things
2)Would like to know trend of marker
3)Likes to do shopping

Venu Annaya::
1)Let it come will do attitude
2)Good at studies,especially maths
3)Balayya hardcore fan
4)Cool head,never reacts in haste.

Manoji Vadina::
1)Hard to keep secrets with her
2)Progressing as a good house wife
3)Hard to convince her,make her ok for a first time
4)

Narayanakka::
1)Amazing transformation from a girl who played with me to a house wife leading a family successfully
2)Found a soothing hand.Always tends to me as if i am her own brother
3)Cool,alm,always smiling

Narayana Mavayya::
1)A perfect craftsman
2)Knows many things,sorts many problems in the house
3)Very good with people and their relationships
4)Well educated,cool head.Never saw him loose temper,almost rare

Padmakka::
1)Same as Narayanakka.Photocopy rather I say.
2)Much more fast than Narayanakka.
3)Agile

Mohan::
1)Go to man when he is around.
2)Able to do any kind of work from cooking...agriculture...giving injections :P

Sai::
1)Man who expects more result from less hardwork and more smart work.
2)Always finds an alaternative to work,ends up with unfinishing the work and no alternative :P
3)Not so capable of holding temper
4)Always changing focus from one thing to other.Not so great will power
5)Comes up with a better solution to a problem.But,always late

Bujji::
1)Never resists herself in asking something to her mom n dad
2)Under a feeling like I am good person all around me are good persons
3)Cant catch a point at first attempt,slow at doing things
4)Despite slow,will complete all the household activites with precision
5)Dont involve in debates

Nani::
1)100% supportive to Bujji
2)Knows a lot of things,talks about them given a chance
3)Have enough patience to explain things to Bujji

Pavan Anna::
1)Cant say NLR Babai as Mr.Perfect.But Pavana Annaya is.
2)He is the keenest observer of the family
3)Person with very long vision,planning,coolness

Prasanna Vadina::
1)Sorry Vadina I dont know much about you :(
2)Except I heard that you are very good at studies,always class first ata

Varun Anna::
1)Belongs to same age group of mine
2)More a friend than brother
3)Bad with programming skills,good with humour
4)Hard to say what is his view on some persons,sometimes friends,sometimes otherwise
5)If one can desire for a friend,that is Varun Anna
6)Mastered in controlling temper

Prasanna::
1)A young blood rising very fast to facing the challenges
2)Promising a very prominent future.
3)Would like to see her in a good position leading a family successfully

Gowtham::
1)A young ravishing blood.
2)Will grow strong in his academics.
3)Would love to see him successful in various activites like sports apart from academics.
